modifying the bug template (#10950)
pkp/pkp-lib: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug.md

---
name: Bug report
about: File a bug report in OJS, OMP or OPS. Try our Software Support forum, linked below, if you cannot provide reproducible steps and technical specifications.
title: '[Main Feature] | Workflow Section - Page, Description of bug'
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---
Do not forget to change the default title text!!!

**Description:**
Include a detailed explanation of the bug with any unusual behavior or unique details.

**Preconditions**
These are requirements that need to be in place before trying to follow the steps to reproduce bug behaviour.  If necessary, it is helpful to include details like user role, related plugins or submission workflow stage. Sometimes the best precondition is that it is seen using "basic install with default dataset".

**Steps to Reproduce:**
Clear, unambiguous, step-by-step instructions on how to trigger the bug.
1. Login with User '...' 
2. Navigate to '...'
3. Click on '....'
4. Scroll down to '....'
5. Select submit button

**Expected Result:** Describe what the system should do under normal conditions.
**Actual Result:** Describe what the system actually does (the problematic behavior).

> **Environment Details:** Operating system, browser version, or device type.

Reviewer: Can we use terminology here that makes it clear whether we're asking client or server specifications? For example...
- Server operating system and PHP version
- Client browser and version (for desktop) or device type and version (for mobile)

Reviewer: I think we'll probably get better results if we're super clear about what we need them to provide -- and the client OS really isn't relevant in 99% of cases, but the server OS sure is.

I think the two questions I listed above are probably the most important -- one for client (browser), one for server (PHP version and OS).

Author: I included DB type.

---
name: Bug report
about: File a bug report in OJS, OMP or OPS. Try our Software Support forum, linked below, if you cannot provide reproducible steps and technical specifications.
title: '[Main Feature] | Workflow Section - Page, Description of bug'
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---
Do not forget to change the default title text!!!

**Description:**

> Include a detailed explanation of the bug with any unusual behavior or unique details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Include a detailed explanation of the bug with any unusual behaviour or unique details.
```

**Preconditions**
These are requirements that need to be in place before trying to follow the steps to reproduce bug behaviour.  If necessary, it is helpful to include details like user role, related plugins or submission workflow stage. Sometimes the best precondition is that it is seen using "basic install with default dataset".

**Steps to Reproduce:**
Clear, unambiguous, step-by-step instructions on how to trigger the bug.

> 1. Login with User '...' 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Login with User with role '...' 
```

Reviewer 2: Perhaps unclear - I meant as in a user who is an admin, journal manager, etc. "User with the admin role".

Author: I put the inital step as login because that's pretty much how all bug journeys should start.  I suggested that user details, like role, could be put in the precondition section if it was a significant part of the bug.  I left 'User' in the example steps as a placeholder to subtley remind whoever creates the bug to start with logging in as the user they have in mind.  It can be difficult to understand how the role could affect the bug and is difficult to generalize but by providing the specific user we can investigate and see if the issue does relate to a role.

Here is an example : https://github.com/pkp/pkp-lib/issues/10731.  The "normal way" is in contrast to the Login As way.  Haven't quite figured out the wording for that but first step is `login as "mfritz"` .  That's all I'm looking for.

Reviewer: @Tribunal33, "log in as mfritz" will be fine for cases where the dev team is filing using our test dataset, but any users filing issues outside the dev team will be using their own data -- thus we'll need to know e.g. what roles the user has, rather than things we can't use like the username or email.

2. Navigate to '...'
3. Click on '....'
4. Scroll down to '....'
5. Select submit button

**Expected Result:** Describe what the system should do under normal conditions.
**Actual Result:** Describe what the system actually does (the problematic behaviour).

**Environment Details:** If known, include details such as

>  * Server-side Operating System, PHP version or DB type

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Server operating system, PHP version and database type
```

---
name: Bug report
about: File a bug report in OJS, OMP or OPS. Try our Software Support forum, linked below, if you cannot provide reproducible steps and technical specifications.

> title: '[Main Feature] | Workflow Section - Page, Description of bug'

Reviewer 2: I could see some external users forgetting to edit this, resulting in odd ticket names.

Author: I added a comment to help them not forget :).  I want to get people in the habit of creating titles that can be used as when filtering.  If they have some that are not named correctly I can fix them easy enough.

labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Description:**

> A detailed explanation of the bug, include any unusual behavior or unique details.  This is the chance to provide some context surrounding the bug.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A detailed explanation of the bug, including any unusual behaviour or unique details. This is the chance to provide some context surrounding the bug.
```

> A detailed explanation of the bug, include any unusual behavior or unique details.  This is the chance to provide some context surrounding the bug.

Reviewer 2: Consider being more specific about "context surrounding the bug", or remove this line.

> **Preconditions or Prerequisites:**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Preconditions:**
```

> These are requirements that need to be in place before trying to follow the steps to reproduce bug behavior.  If necessary, it is helpful to include user details, related plugins, submission workflow stage etc... Sometimes the best precondition is that it is seen using "basic install with default dataset"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These are requirements that need to be in place before trying to follow the steps to reproduce bug behaviour. Include details like user role, related plugins, or submission workflow stage. Sometimes the best precondition is that it is seen using "basic install with default dataset".
```

**Steps to Reproduce:**
Clear, unambiguous, step-by-step instructions on how to trigger the bug.

> 1.  Login with User <role>

Reviewer 2: Suggest reducing number of sample steps here so users have less to read through when submitting a bug.

2.  Select Active Submissions using side navigation views
3.  Select View button on a submission in the Review Stage (example id 14)
4.  Within the submission view select Publication -> Galleys from submission navigation
5.  Select Add Galley Button
6.  Fill out the add Galley Form
a.  Sub-step 1 to complete main step
b.  Fill in Galley Label field
c.  Fill in the Language (ex English) from drop down
d.  Leave Galley will be available Checkbox unchecked.
e.  Leave URL link field empty
6.  Select Save button

> **Expected Result:** Describe what the system should do under normal conditions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Expected Result:** Describe what the system should do under normal conditions.

```

Author: fixed

**Actual Result:** Describe what the system actually does (the problematic behavior).

> **Repro Rate:** Usually given as a rough percentage of how many times going through the steps this bug is seen.  (ex. less than 50%, greater than 50%, 100%, and intermittent) 

Reviewer 2: Should we expect external users to estimate this, or is this more for internal use? Perhaps it could be 3 options instead of a percentage, or just a question like "Does this issue occur consistently?".

> **Environment Details:** Operating system, browser version, device type, project with version etc.

Reviewer 2: Is "project with version" the same as application below?

> **Environment Details:** Operating system, browser version, device type, project with version etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Environment Details:** Operating system, browser version, device type, project with version etc.

```
